Adds Idle feature to `SeekableStreamSupervisor` for inactive stream (#13144)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/kafka-supervisor-reference.md

|`earlyMessageRejectionPeriod`|ISO8601 Period|Configure tasks to reject messages with timestamps later than this period after the task reached its taskDuration; for example if this is set to `PT1H`, the taskDuration is set to `PT1H` and the supervisor creates a task at *2016-01-01T12:00Z*, messages with timestamps later than *2016-01-01T14:00Z* will be dropped. **Note:** Tasks sometimes run past their task duration, for example, in cases of supervisor failover. Setting earlyMessageRejectionPeriod too low may cause messages to be dropped unexpectedly whenever a task runs past its originally configured task duration.|no (default == none)|

> |`enableIdleBehaviour`|If enabled, Kafka supervisor will become idle if there is no data on input stream/topic for some time. This can only be enabled if Overlord config `druid.supervisor.enableIdleBehaviour` is enabled.|no (default == false)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`enableIdleBehaviour`|Boolean|Configure Kafka supervisor to become idle and not create any more tasks if there has been no data on the input topic for some time. This takes effect only if overlord config `druid.supervisor.enableIdleBehaviour` is enabled.|no (default == false)|
```

Reviewer: Shouldn't this default be `true`?
If I have enabled the idle behaviour at the overlord, shouldn't all supervisors be allowed to go into idle state by default?

> |`idleSupervisorForStreamIdleMillis`|Long|Minimum time interval to wait until stream is considered idle. (i.e. all existing data is caught up and no new data arrives).| no (default == 60000) |

Author: Thanks, Abhishek. Updated the docs. This variable is now named `awaitStreamInactiveMillis`.

> |`awaitStreamInactiveMillis`|Long|Minimum time interval to wait before a topic is considered inactive. (i.e. all existing data has been read from the stream and the topic is not getting new data).| no (default == 60000) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`awaitStreamInactiveMillis`|Long|Minimum time interval to wait after the topic has become inactive before marking the supervisor as idle. A topic is considered to be inactive if all existing data has been read from it and no new data is being published to it.| no (default == 60000) |
```

         "taskCount":1,
         "replicas":1,
         "taskDuration":"PT1H",
         "idleConfig": {
           "enabled": true,
           "inactiveAfterMillis": 600000 

>          }

Reviewer: nit: missing comma
